>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go ahead and
we're going to re-factor
this to use the http client.
So let's do first things first,
make sure that
in the core data module that we've
included the HttpClientmodule.
Now, what you also need to do and
this is what we wanna write is that in
your top level up module, we need to
import HttpClient module as well.
All right, so now that we have the imports
in both places, let's go ahead and
hop back into our project service and
let's start to build the cell.
So we're gonna go ahead and delete this
local structure, we don't need it.
And we are going to import the http
client via dependency injection or
we're going to make it
available in our constructor.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Via
dependency injection, httpClient.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Make
sure I have the right one.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We
can also get rid of that.
And because we're using a constructor
assignment by putting private on here,
this makes the service available for
consumption in the rest of the service or
class.
And so
we'll go return this.httpClient.get and
from here, we need to put our end point.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so we're going
to break this up into two pieces
using a string literal.
So typically what I'll do is at the top
of the class is I'll create a string
that represents the model that I'm
working with, so in this case projects.
And so we'll go here and we'll put model,
but then we need to put in our base URL.
So
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: If you look in your
packets.json there is, not the lock.
We have installed json server which
then spins up a db.json file.
So it actually take that json file and
converts it into a rest endpoint.
So if we go to the browser and
we go to, in this case localhost 3000,
we can see that we have
the server running.
And if we go to projects, you can see
that we have our project structure.
So I'm gonna go back here and
I'm just going to copy the base URL.
And then in our code, let me just
swap this disk around, we'll go here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And I'm going
to create in the project service,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: A base URL constant,
we'll just paste this in.
And then from here, we paste in BASE_URL.
Now, what you could do is there's
an environments file that
you could tuck it in there, if you wanted,
but for now to keep it simple,
I'm going to keep it in
the project service, so base URL.
By putting it an environments file which
you could do is like if you are in dev
use a dev url, if you are in prod,
use a production url.
So we'll take off the typing here and
make sure that it's this.model.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Like so.
And so when we call all,
it's going to basically do a git
request to this base URL,
plus forward-slash projects.
So now we need to actually consume this
data, so back into our projects component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You'll notice here
that it's saying that this is not of type
of an observable of an array of project.
So we're gonna do a couple of tweaks here.
I'm gonna show you kind of the long
way around on how to get this data.
So because we're doing an asynchronous
version, so this is the long way.
And then we'll see kind of the short way.
We need to subscribe to
this observable stream
which is then going to
give us a result and
then from here we can say
this.projects = result.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
let's save the cell.
Make sure that,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Everything is running.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You notice here one,
two, three, and five.
Well, let's verify that if we go
to dv.json in the server folder,
that is indeed what we were doing.
In fact, let's go down here to projects,
Project HOLLA, let's save this.
Because this is in memory I need
to stop the server, restart it,
let this run and then when this refreshes,
then it better be Project Holla or
I'm gonna be quite cross.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Boom, there we go.